README.md, before:

# saved
saved on git



### December 24, 2018 
- [tldr-pages/tldr](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr) : Simplified and community-driven man pages
- [tldr-pages/tldr-node-client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-node-client#configuration) : Node.js command line client for TLDR-pages
- [NCurses Disk Usage](https://dev.yorhel.nl/ncdu) NCurses Disk Usage
- [ivanilves/xiringuito](https://github.com/ivanilves/xiringuito) : SSH-based "VPN for poors"
- [jakubroztocil/httpie](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/httpie) : As easy as httpie /aitch-tee-tee-pie/ 🥧 Modern command line HTTP client – user-friendly curl alternative with intuitive UI, JSON support, syntax highlighting, wget-like downloads, extensions, etc. https://twitter.com/clihttp
### December 23, 2018 
- [paoloantinori/hhighlighter](https://github.com/paoloantinori/hhighlighter) : A command line tool to highlight terms
- [nicolargo/glances](https://github.com/nicolargo/glances) : Glances an Eye on your system. A top/htop alternative.
- [allinurl/goaccess](https://github.com/allinurl/goaccess) : GoAccess is a real-time web log analyzer and interactive viewer that runs in a terminal in *nix systems or through your browser.
- [vesche/histstat](https://github.com/vesche/histstat) : history for netstat
- [hishamhm/htop](https://github.com/hishamhm/htop) : htop is an interactive text-mode process viewer for Unix systems. It aims to be a better 'top'.
- [tstack/lnav](https://github.com/tstack/lnav) : Log file navigator
- [traviscross/mtr](https://github.com/traviscross/mtr) : Official repository for mtr, a network diagnostic tool
- [jlevy/procdog](https://github.com/jlevy/procdog) : Lightweight command-line process control
### December 22, 2018 
- [Cabbagec/termux-ohmyzsh](https://github.com/Cabbagec/termux-ohmyzsh) Cabbagec/termux-ohmyzsh
- [robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh) : A delightful community-driven (with 1,200+ contributors) framework for managing your zsh configuration. Includes 200+ optional plugins (rails, git, OSX, hub, capistrano, brew, ant, php, python, etc), over 140 themes to spice up your morning, and an auto-update tool so that makes it easy to keep up with the latest updates from the community.
- [nvbn/thefuck](https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck) : Magnificent app which corrects your previous console command.
- [herrbischoff/awesome-macos-command-line](https://github.com/herrbischoff/awesome-macos-command-line#appearance) : Use your macOS terminal shell to do awesome things.
- [herrbischoff/awesome-command-line-apps](https://github.com/herrbischoff/awesome-command-line-apps) : Use your terminal shell to do awesome things.
- [alebcay/awesome-shell](https://github.com/alebcay/awesome-shell) : A curated list of awesome command-line frameworks, toolkits, guides and gizmos. Inspired by awesome-php.
- [supercrabtree/k](https://github.com/supercrabtree/k) : k is the new l, yo
- [rupa/z](https://github.com/rupa/z) : z - jump around
- [barryclark/bashstrap](https://github.com/barryclark/bashstrap) : A quick way to spruce up your terminal in OSX.
- [zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting) : Fish shell like syntax highlighting for Zsh.
### December 19, 2018 
- [GoogleChrome/puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer) : Headless Chrome Node API
### December 18, 2018 
- [softvar/enhanced-github](https://github.com/softvar/enhanced-github) : Chrome extension to display size of each file, download link and copy file contents directly to clipboard
- [xxhomey19/github-file-icon](https://github.com/xxhomey19/github-file-icon) : 🌈 🗂 A browser extension which gives different filetypes different icons to GitHub, Gitlab, Bitbucket, gitea and gogs.
- [pd4d10/octohint](https://github.com/pd4d10/octohint) : The missing IntelliSense hint for GitHub and GitLab
- [glebm/render-whitespace-on-github](https://github.com/glebm/render-whitespace-on-github) : Are they tabs? Are they spaces? How many? Never wonder again!
- [OctoLinker/OctoLinker](https://github.com/OctoLinker/OctoLinker) : OctoLinker – Available on Chrome, Firefox and Opera
- [FelisCatus/SwitchyOmega](https://github.com/FelisCatus/SwitchyOmega) : Manage and switch between multiple proxies quickly & easily.
- [violentmonkey/violentmonkey](https://github.com/violentmonkey/violentmonkey) : Violentmonkey provides userscripts support for browsers. It works on browsers with WebExtensions support.
- [FirefoxBar/xStyle](https://github.com/FirefoxBar/xStyle) : A user styles manager for Firefox and Chrome
- [zxlie/FeHelper](https://github.com/zxlie/FeHelper) : 😍Web前端助手--FeHelper（Chrome Extension, Front-end Toolbox, All in one!）

- [fatedier/frp](https://github.com/fatedier/frp) : A fast reverse proxy to help you expose a local server behind a NAT or firewall to the internet.
### December 17, 2018 
- [Idnan/like-on-github](https://github.com/Idnan/like-on-github) : Chrome extension - Link a repository with the extension and automatically save the links to content you like
- [sindresorhus/refined-github](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github) : Browser extension that simplifies the GitHub interface and adds useful features
- [sindresorhus/awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) : Curated list of awesome lists

Commit message:

New Link: unixorn/awesome-zsh-plugins: A collection of ZSH frameworks, plugins & themes inspired by the various awesome list collections out there.

README.md, after:

# saved
saved on git



### December 24, 2018 
- [tldr-pages/tldr](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr) : Simplified and community-driven man pages
- [tldr-pages/tldr-node-client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-node-client#configuration) : Node.js command line client for TLDR-pages
- [NCurses Disk Usage](https://dev.yorhel.nl/ncdu) NCurses Disk Usage
- [ivanilves/xiringuito](https://github.com/ivanilves/xiringuito) : SSH-based "VPN for poors"
- [jakubroztocil/httpie](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/httpie) : As easy as httpie /aitch-tee-tee-pie/ 🥧 Modern command line HTTP client – user-friendly curl alternative with intuitive UI, JSON support, syntax highlighting, wget-like downloads, extensions, etc. https://twitter.com/clihttp
- [unixorn/awesome-zsh-plugins](https://github.com/unixorn/awesome-zsh-plugins) : A collection of ZSH frameworks, plugins & themes inspired by the various awesome list collections out there.
### December 23, 2018 
- [paoloantinori/hhighlighter](https://github.com/paoloantinori/hhighlighter) : A command line tool to highlight terms
- [nicolargo/glances](https://github.com/nicolargo/glances) : Glances an Eye on your system. A top/htop alternative.
- [allinurl/goaccess](https://github.com/allinurl/goaccess) : GoAccess is a real-time web log analyzer and interactive viewer that runs in a terminal in *nix systems or through your browser.
- [vesche/histstat](https://github.com/vesche/histstat) : history for netstat
- [hishamhm/htop](https://github.com/hishamhm/htop) : htop is an interactive text-mode process viewer for Unix systems. It aims to be a better 'top'.
- [tstack/lnav](https://github.com/tstack/lnav) : Log file navigator
- [traviscross/mtr](https://github.com/traviscross/mtr) : Official repository for mtr, a network diagnostic tool
- [jlevy/procdog](https://github.com/jlevy/procdog) : Lightweight command-line process control
### December 22, 2018 
- [Cabbagec/termux-ohmyzsh](https://github.com/Cabbagec/termux-ohmyzsh) Cabbagec/termux-ohmyzsh
- [robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh) : A delightful community-driven (with 1,200+ contributors) framework for managing your zsh configuration. Includes 200+ optional plugins (rails, git, OSX, hub, capistrano, brew, ant, php, python, etc), over 140 themes to spice up your morning, and an auto-update tool so that makes it easy to keep up with the latest updates from the community.
- [nvbn/thefuck](https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck) : Magnificent app which corrects your previous console command.
- [herrbischoff/awesome-macos-command-line](https://github.com/herrbischoff/awesome-macos-command-line#appearance) : Use your macOS terminal shell to do awesome things.
- [herrbischoff/awesome-command-line-apps](https://github.com/herrbischoff/awesome-command-line-apps) : Use your terminal shell to do awesome things.
- [alebcay/awesome-shell](https://github.com/alebcay/awesome-shell) : A curated list of awesome command-line frameworks, toolkits, guides and gizmos. Inspired by awesome-php.
- [supercrabtree/k](https://github.com/supercrabtree/k) : k is the new l, yo
- [rupa/z](https://github.com/rupa/z) : z - jump around
- [barryclark/bashstrap](https://github.com/barryclark/bashstrap) : A quick way to spruce up your terminal in OSX.
- [zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting) : Fish shell like syntax highlighting for Zsh.
### December 19, 2018 
- [GoogleChrome/puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer) : Headless Chrome Node API
### December 18, 2018 
- [softvar/enhanced-github](https://github.com/softvar/enhanced-github) : Chrome extension to display size of each file, download link and copy file contents directly to clipboard
- [xxhomey19/github-file-icon](https://github.com/xxhomey19/github-file-icon) : 🌈 🗂 A browser extension which gives different filetypes different icons to GitHub, Gitlab, Bitbucket, gitea and gogs.
- [pd4d10/octohint](https://github.com/pd4d10/octohint) : The missing IntelliSense hint for GitHub and GitLab
- [glebm/render-whitespace-on-github](https://github.com/glebm/render-whitespace-on-github) : Are they tabs? Are they spaces? How many? Never wonder again!
- [OctoLinker/OctoLinker](https://github.com/OctoLinker/OctoLinker) : OctoLinker – Available on Chrome, Firefox and Opera
- [FelisCatus/SwitchyOmega](https://github.com/FelisCatus/SwitchyOmega) : Manage and switch between multiple proxies quickly & easily.
- [violentmonkey/violentmonkey](https://github.com/violentmonkey/violentmonkey) : Violentmonkey provides userscripts support for browsers. It works on browsers with WebExtensions support.
- [FirefoxBar/xStyle](https://github.com/FirefoxBar/xStyle) : A user styles manager for Firefox and Chrome
- [zxlie/FeHelper](https://github.com/zxlie/FeHelper) : 😍Web前端助手--FeHelper（Chrome Extension, Front-end Toolbox, All in one!）

- [fatedier/frp](https://github.com/fatedier/frp) : A fast reverse proxy to help you expose a local server behind a NAT or firewall to the internet.
### December 17, 2018 
- [Idnan/like-on-github](https://github.com/Idnan/like-on-github) : Chrome extension - Link a repository with the extension and automatically save the links to content you like
- [sindresorhus/refined-github](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github) : Browser extension that simplifies the GitHub interface and adds useful features
- [sindresorhus/awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) : Curated list of awesome lists
